Hello and welcome to a new 1000PS video.
We are here on Lanzarote in spain because Yamaha invited us to the presentation of their new "top seller".
First of all i have to say, that the price of the MT-07 is really good - it will cost only 5699€
and it will be available at the dealers in march.
The drop of bitterness is, that the ABS version of the bike will cost arround 1000€ more.
The bike was presented to us yesterday, during a presentation and the power of the engine was stated with 75hp.
This sounds not very much, but MT stands for "Master Torque" and the bike stands to his name.
The bike is really a master of torque. We already drove about 200km
and a wheelie out of the first or second gear is not a problem at all.
All you have to do, is to open the throttle and the bike is on the back wheel.
I'm lazy about changing gears and i still like this bike,
because even if you drive with the "wrong" gear it's not a big problem. The MT acts good in every situation.
Because of the low price someone could think, that this bike is not processed very well.
I have to say, that this was also my first thought, while i went to the presentation.
But when saw and drove the bike i got convinced of the countrary.
You just have to take a close look and you can see, that everything fits and that there are no cheap parts.
It starts with the awesome view of the bike. In the back we have a wonderful swingarm.
It is one of the most beautiful swingarms in this class.
Next we have the seat which looks like an arrow and clings perfectly to the motorcycle.
Then we have the display. It shows, nex to standard stocks like speed, number of revolutions or tank capacity,
other helpful things like the temperature of the engine, outside temperature,
gear indicator and a fuel consumption indicator.
But now lets take a look at the driving skills of the Yamaha MT-07.
The bike is really agile. The ABS version has, fully fueled, only 182kg,
and the version without ABS has 3kg less.
The bike is very easy to handle in the curves.The reason for that is, the narrow seat.
Some of the journalists said, that the chassis is a little bit too soft.
I would say, that it is comfortable. Unfortunately you can't change many things at the chassis on your own,
but for people like me, that don't know much about a chassis, this is not a problem.
Otherwise there is nothing to complain - especially if you remember the price of this bike.
I say it again - 5699€ in Austria inclusive all taxes and Nova.
All in all i can say, that you get a great bike for little money and it makes much fun to drive with it.